Hello ~
This is Ha Seul!
It’s been too long since I was away from the camera
I don’t even know what to say?
Speechless beauty
Clap clap clap clap
It’s too formal, don’t you think?
That’s because it’s been too long since we took LOONA TV!
I didn’t even know what to say first when I saw the camera
Exactly~
What is HyunJin trying to say?
(meow)
Hey~hey~ I’m just gonna leave~
HeeJin and Lip are leaving…
We can do this without them~
Shall we talk about the concept that has changed?
(meow)
From outgoing and bright images~
Here we go, 1/3~~
1/3 are being called as soon as they trying to start the talk
No… not here…
Denying to take the shots!
It’s been a long time since we saw this group!
Can HyunJin lean her head towards HeeJin?